Update README.md (#5484)
appwrite/appwrite: README.md

> > Great news! Appwrite Cloud is now live! Sign up at [cloud.appwrite.io](https://cloud.appwrite.io) for a hassle-free, hosted experience. Join us in the Cloud today! ☁️🎉

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Great news! Appwrite Cloud is now in public beta! Sign up at [cloud.appwrite.io](https://cloud.appwrite.io) for a hassle-free, hosted experience. Join us in the Cloud today! ☁️🎉
```

> English | [简体中文](README-CN.md)

Author: I don't think I can do that, may be we should wait for @gewenyu99 ?

> [**Announcing Appwrite Cloud Public Beta! Sign up today!**](https://cloud.appwrite.io)

Author: 🤔 Yeh, might be better to leave it to 1.3, but eldad pointed we might want to update this as well?

> [**Announcing Appwrite Cloud Public Beta! Sign up today!**](https://cloud.appwrite.io)

Reviewer 2: okay 👍
